There's a pretty large debate amongst
different methods for model evaluation in terms of metrics.
Common metrics include R-squared and MSE.
There are also metrics called AIC,
BIC and Mallow's CP.
And there are so many other metrics that I won't even mention,
that'll evaluate whether or not your regression model
or any other model fits the data well.
The values for these metrics depend on the scaling in the data,
and the variables that you have available to predict the response.
In my experience, people tend to use the R-squared or MSE a lot in practice.
But really, these can be misleading in terms of model fit
if we only validate what we're doing on the same set of data.
It turns out that no matter what variable we add into the model,
these will both improve.
That is the R-squared value will increase and the MSE will decrease.
So, how do we know if adding a variable
actually improves how well our model fits the data?
There's a very useful technique known as Cross-Validation,
to predict from exactly this idea of adding
more and more variables and thinking your model is always improving.
In the upcoming concepts,
you will learn how Cross-Validation works and
you'll put this to practice using Scikit-Learn's built